Slew of minor doc fixes (#20860)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/java_client/index.rst

    VisIt_ will not draw its plots inside of your Java application.
    VisIt_'s separate viewer window will be activated and controlled from your application.

>     VisIt_ will not be able to plot data from your Java application without going through the filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    VisIt_ will not be able to plot data from your Java application without going through the file system.
```

The ``clientName`` is the internal name that will be used to identify the client inside of VisIt_.
You can pass any name that you want for this.
The ``clientProgram`` argument is a string that identifies the executable for your program.

> The ``clientArgs`` argument lets you pass command-line arguments to your program when it is started.

Reviewer: another case were we aren't consistent for command line
